# Ktt dev process

Hello, introduction text here

## Brief

KTT that stands for Kill team tracker is a software that is used supposed to be a note taking companion app for the tabletop wargame "Kill team". This brief will refer to terminology of the game, if you do not know what Kill team is read there is the "What is kill team" paragraph below, this goes over relevant rules and the process of playing a game.

Kill team has a lot of rules, situational abilities and and other things to keep track of which can be overwhelming for players, new and old. As the game goes on new rules can be added and are spread over multiple websites, books and online PDF files as new rules are overwrite what is written in books. Additionally it can be hard to keep track of what is happening on the table as the game progresses. The purpose of KTT is to compile relevent rules when you need them on top of tracking what is happening on the table, along with additional features such as tracking soldiers statistics between games. Due to the changing rules the priority of this app should be to allow customisability of the existing rules and not enforce hard limits on the rules of incase anyone wants to play the game however they want and can still use the app.

KTT shall have the option for the player to create and update rules for a existing kill teams along with creating a kill team roster. When creating a kill team roster they can fill it with soldiers the team can field along with giving the soldiers names, and descriptions to make sure you always use the same model for that soldier. Each soldier should also have customisable trackers to track the soldiers feats such as points scored, kills, deaths and anything else I wish to track. There limit to how many soldiers can be in a list should not be noticable.

There should also be functionality to take a team into a game, where the player can select any number of soldiers from their own roster to be taken into the game along with equipment their team has, the equipment should be able to be given to certain soldiers whilst also showing the total cost how much equipment is being used. There shouldn't be hard limits given to how much equipment can be given only warnings. After this the player should be able to manage their secondary objectives through the app.

Once the game starts, it should start in the strategy phase of round 1 with a relevant amount of CP, it should display the teams rules that occur in the strategy phase along with the ability to spend CP for strategic ploys and opportunity to reveal secondary objectives, then the round can begin where the selected options should be easily accessible. Now in the firefight phase the player shall be able to mark their soldiers as activated, along with changing their statistics such as wounds and APL modifiers whilst playing. When viewing a soldier there should descriptions of all abilities and rules they have, along with the rules for their weapons. If a weapons rule or other abilities rule references another rule tapping on it shall show the relevant rule without leaving the soldiers page. Additionally trackers for a soldier shall be able to be viewed and edited mid game, such as increasing their kill tracker or wound dealt, additionally when the soldiers wounds reach the threshold it shows them as injured affecting their WS/BS and their movement speed unless that specific type of soldier is immune to movement speed reduction or injury immunity. Additionally soldiers should have the ability to have immunity to APL reduction.

At any point, the player should be able to either end the turning point or end the game. When the next round is reached the round counter and the CP counter increments and the strategy phase is revealed again also removing previous strategic ploys and abilities from previous turning points. After this all soldiers gain the activated status again. When a game ends none of the information is needed apart from the information of the soldiers trackers and other information.

The app should also have the ability to keep track of all features of the "spec ops campaign rules". When starting a spec ops campaign the player should be able to either create a new spec ops roster of their soldiers or import them from their other teams rosters, their team shall be able to describe their team, thhis includes a basic information box along with team name, player name, faction keyword, selectable keyword, base of operations, history and quirks. Once the team is made the spec ops campaign shall be able to keep track of the team/roster and and resources. The team/ roster consists of the same roster customisations however a soft limit of 20 soldiers in the roster giving a warning when there are too many, there shall be the option to remove soldiers without removing their stats from other rosters. Additionally trackers mentioned before should have their trackers for the campaign exlusively and their total outside of the campaign, if a tracker increases in the campaign it should also increment the tracker outside the campaign but not vice versa. Each soldier should have the same descriptions as in previous paragraphhs but should also have Battle honours, Battle scars, rested tally, specialism (Combat, Staunch, Marksman, Scout), experience points and rank. Rank should increase automatically with experience points unless disabled, additionally soldiers should have the ability to lose experience and battle honours, decreasing their rank automatically.

The campaign resources must include requisition points, asset capacity, stash, strategic assets along with current spec ops mission. If no spec ops operation is active it will prompt the player to select one, either selecting a given one from the games rules, a faction exclusive spec ops depending on your team or a custom one. There should be the option to keep a tally of how far through the current operation you are, moving onto the next operation if you finish the first or granting rewards when finishing the second operation. This should automatically add resources to the team, then prompt to equip another spec op operation, warning the player if they have already completed this spec op without completing 2 other spec ops in between.

Finally there should be the starting a mission step, this should be identical to the previous starting mission with a few changes, new currently possessed rare equipment should be allowed to be equipped, and relevant spec ops rules should be shown in each of their phases. Part way through a game you should be able to view you spec ops resources such requisitions in case they may be relevant. Trackers that incremement should also add to a total teams tally, so spec ops trackers can keep track of the total trackers a team has. Soldiers should also have the ability to gain experience during the mission however it should not save until after the mission, but can show "potential promotion" if the soldier would gain a battle honour after gaining the experience. After the mission proceeds as normal when the game ends there should be the option of a post mission briefing, here it goes through all soldiers in the roster that have been affected. If a soldier is injured they can make a wound recover roll, either through a random number generator or with the players input value of them rolling a dice in real life, when a soldier is incapacitated during the mission they need to make a injury roll, and when a soldier gain enough experience to gain a battle honour they can enter battle honour from their specialism, faction or a custom one etc, However if the soldier suffers an injury which prevents them from getting XP, the app should automatically not add this xp to the soldier. If a soldier fails a recover roll/injury roll and is killed off in the mission. The prompt they shall be removed from the roster and put into a "memorial hall" where it will show their stattistics, the player will be able to leave final words on their memorial. Additionally after a mission the player should be prompted if they succeeded on their current spec ops task and move it along gaining 1 mission on the operation or potentioally finishing it and grant the rewards as described earlier.

#### What is "Kill team?"

Kill team is a competitive tabletop wargame where 2 players create an elite team of soldiers from a specific set of teams with their own roster of soldiers, scoring points by capturing objectives, scoring personalised ones and competing over resources. The two players after finding a game will set up an area to play and determine what the mission is. The mission determines what equipment, objectives, locations players start on the board, and other various rules. After this is done they choose select a kill team from a list of many teams which have unique rules, abilities and actions. Each kill team has a roster of soldiers to choose from. All soldiers have different statistics, weapons, abilities and unique actions. Some soldiers must be unique, one soldier must be a leader. Each team also has access to unique abilities, unique equipment and 3 of their own secondary objectives, and a keyword that determines their secondary objectives.

Once a team has been made the player chooses their teams equipment which depends on what team they are playing and what the objectives are, every equipment has a cost some can only be equipped by the team once, equipment can change how certain rules work, or grant actions, some equipment can only be used once per game. Both teams have "10 points" of equipment. Once equipment has been chosen the players draw from a deck of cards for their "secondary objectives" each team can only use certain cards and gets 3 unique cards. Then after choosing 6 they shuffle, draw 2 and remove 1 until they only have 3 cards left these remain for the remainder of the game.

After this, the players determine who goes first and other rules before generating a resource called "CP", this CP is used to purchase temporary benefits to gain the upper hand during the game...

Note to me write CP uses, point tracking and health and killing people + winning + turning points. Then write the option of matched player + Narrative play

### Analysing brief

#### Stakeholder analysis

#### Identifying requirements

## Personas

### Casual player
### Poor player
### New player
### Bad phone player
### Competitive player
